we're back again with some art premium
reviews we have here our six hundred
mill burner series available in copper
gold and everyone's favorite chrome this
line is specifically designed for quick
action these cans feature the flow
master valve system also found in our
covers all cans this is a particularly
fast moving valve the cans and cells are
very high pressure and feature a special
formulation of paint that covers very
very well this this paint goes
hand-in-hand with the covers off coast
that covers all blacks this these guys
are designed to specifically cover these
goals and Chrome's and silver because
there's pretty much nothing else options
on a cover over them so if you're if
you're picking up some of these I highly
recommend getting some of these as well
um I got a little tester can right here
of the pocket burner chrome these are
also available on our site um so we're
gonna do a couple of samples with it
check this out one thing and notice
there's no balls in these these are
designed to be ultra ultra quiet you're
not going to hear anything going in or
out these are probably my favorite
little carry-on can by the way all right
let's uh let's do a couple quick tags
real quick this little bad boy comes
stock with the pink duck just like the
covers all okay check out how fast the
spray is whoa oh yes homie that is the
butter dog look at all the water
dripping down right now let's say this
is like a part of my letter and I had to
outline it right check it out
I challenge anyone to try that with
regular spray-paint okay especially on
wet metal you're just not going to get
that capability look how fast it covered
like I said guys this is probably the
most powerful tool you could ever have
in your arsenal and they're only
available are primo comm the pocket
burner chrome covers all - or if you're
a big boy you can get the 600 milk cans
available again our primo